And The Last Lecture I walked you Rudy release notes of the latest version of ionic 3.0.
Now I told you that there isn't that much which changes it now uses angular floor but angular four isn't
a breaking change to angle or two and a ionic free also isn't.
But we may.
And that's important.
We may.
We don't have to use another new feature the latest version of the ionic native library.
And if we do choose to do so then we actually do have to make a couple of changes but still doable.
So let's take a closer look.
And let's upgrade our project today on a free.
We actually see how we should update the package.
Our Jason efile here so we can copy that code of the dependencies.
I'm deliberately not copying all the code in here.
And then there's also some places.
I loaded the tear in web storm.
We can go to package Chaisson and now you could try to override everything here.
But keep in mind we for example still import angler to Google maps here.
So I will only override all the angular and ionic imports up here.
And then I will simply remove the duplicates I have here.
So I own icons and so on.
So that I now have to is clean usage of.
Or does clean dependencies list.
I will also remove ionic native though because that is what I meant.
We were using words in two.
We will update tuition free.
And that actually has a different package structure as you can see here.
We now have at ionic native and then we import the individual plug ins you want to use.
So that's all updated dev dependencies before we work on ionic native though.
So copy that code and overwrite my development dependencies down here.
And with that we prepared our package.
Jason File here now as a next step we should add the browser module to our app module file.
This is new.
We didn't have to do that before.
That has something to do with the internals behind Iyonix 2 and what changed there.
So any app module in our source app folder.
I will simply add the same port at the top your browser module and I will then add it to my imports
aere your the browser module like this.
Now with data that we can move on this is a step I just did.
So now step three if you are using H should it be.
So let's say we are.
We also have to add D.H. to be module to our imports.
So let's add HTP module to inboards and let's therefore also import that from at a singular age to DP.
So you're ultimately import the age to be module from at a singular age to be with that added.
We're almost done now we have to upgrade our code to use ionic native free before I do so I will delete
my note modules folder because I want to re-install all the dependencies.
We change them in the package don't chase and file.
Of course we now also need to run NPM install to install all these versions.
We set up there so of node modules deleted.
I will now run NPM and Stohl to well again install all the words I listed in the package adjacent file
and once this is done I'll be back and will then work on using Iyonix native free so the installation
of the package has just finished.
No I want to adjust my code to use ionic native and free since I remove the old ionic native package
to code in the places where I used it like an at least RTX won't work anymore like this.
Import here so we can already remove it.
It won't work anymore.
Now with that of course we need to somehow still get our native packages and we have to install them
one by one.
So I will run and install dash dash save tool to store a reference in the package adjacent file and
then add ionic native with a dash in between and then slash.
And now the name of the native plug in with a lowercase leading character like camera like so or I will
also install the next one ionic native geolocation which I also use in this project or ionic native
file move a lowercase F..
I will now enter and this will install all these packages I need here for my code to work.
Now with that installed we could start using it here but we actually use it differently.
We now inject all these native features.
We no longer import them and then access them we're like a static class as we did here accessing geolocation
directly.
Instead we inject them in our constructor.
So here what I do is I will add a private property geolocation of type geo location and geolocation.
Now should be imported from our newly added package.
So from.
At ionic native and now geo location.
The one we just installed.
So that is the package from which I will pick geolocation.
So that's the first plug in I need.
Here are CLOS I need here.
I will also need to camera so camera of type camera and is now also fetched from ionic native camera.
Make sure to add this import and we also use the file in is where some files specific classes in this
file.
Here in this page so I will also add private word file of type file and import this from ionic native
So it is important to with these imports Adelante things inject the tea or the classes we need to adjust
our code when we access get current position on geolocation.
We now have to use this geolocation so the private property which gets injected automatically and the
same of course for the camera.
We now use this camera and the same for file obviously does file.
Now regarding entry here we have to import that from the file package.
So here we need entry and already noted.
I will also need the file error or with that we can then again use these type assignments here.
I also overlooked a camera.
So here is this camera encoding type and here of course it does camera clean up as it is down here.
This camera cleanup.
So really just replacing all these static references we had there before.
Now since we injected here there is one important thing we have to do.
We have to provide it so we have to go to the app module and your improvisors we should add these new
services.
So file from ionic native files and make sure to add to importante module too.
And to say of course for our camera geolocation and any other native plugin you might be using so geolocation
in our case here.
Make sure to add all these imports so I still need to add the one for geolocation here.
And with that we provide a year.
We also need to adjust our app component though because here we also use native features status bar
and splash screen.
I also need to inject DS so I don't need to as I'm private I don't need to create a prop. We can just
say status bar of type status bar here and splash screen of type splash screen WIPs splash screen like
this.
We need to add our imports your ionic native remove that.
And here we need to import from Splash.
Let's have a look at a.
Jason how is that written.
We have splash screen with a dash in between so a splash screen employed splash screen.
What's wrong about the status bar.
I should be fine.
So with that we hear of course all you have to say status bar using these arguments now.
And Splash screen with this app component fall is all fixed at place should be fixed.
We also need to fix a number that's to service fall places because here if you look at the imports we
also use file from ionic native.
So we should import that from an iconic native slash file now and then we should of course inject that
here.
So private file of type file and then whenever we use file or replace it with this file so data is number
change.
Now these service places touchiest should also be updated correctly.
Now what we can do is we can go to our app Marchal again because we need to change the way we use to
storage.
That's number tiny change.
We no longer provide it.
So remove it from providers.
We no longer need to import storage.
Instead we now have to import the Iyonix storage module.
And with that important we go to imports.
And here we added with the four route Cole like does nothing else needs to be done now with this all
in place.
Let's try this out and run Iyonix serve to serve our app and let's see if we overlooked something here.
Well the bolt proses was successful but we get an error in the browser that we don't have a provider
for a status bar and that is absolutely correct.
I forgot to add them here.
So we need status bar and also splash screen at diddies to two providers and make sure to add the respective
imports here at the top too.
Now with that let's save this to start you recompilation and let's have a look if this now is fixed.
That looks much better let's open the developer tools go to a new place page and let me look at myself
to see if that works.
And that's fine.
I'm not living there as a side note.
Just some random place.
So that looks all right now.
And with that we get a working application again now updated to ironic free and using ionic native free.
So the key steps were to update the way we add and use our native plug ins and to change the way we
use the storage here.
Also if you're using the grid keep doesn't mind to update the grid and what that you should be fine.
You should be able to upgrade your existing applications to a onic free.